This project runs in Excel and RStudio. A rough workflow of the project is, but not entirely, as follows:

1) The all_car_adverts_modified.csv is derived from a much larger data set, 'lightly' modified to remove inconsistent data and unnecessary columns, dated from October 2022, that claims to have about a million entries of car sales from a major UK auto retailer (uknown). This data set can be downloaded here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/guanhaopeng/uk-used-car-market/data
2) A postcode lookup table postcodes.csv was taken from https://github.com/academe/UK-Postcodes/blob/master/postcodes.csv, to calculate distances from car seller locations based on average postcode distance, also with the aid of the PostcodesioR R package (https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/PostcodesioR/PostcodesioR.pdf)
3) CAAS.Rmd is where most calculations, analysis, charts and figures are produced. This .Rmd file was built based on several online sources and some of my own previous work. This .Rmd depends on the two .csv files mentioned, so they need to be in the same work directory. CAAS.Rmd will also need three .csv files which are not directly produced in R, but were partly edited by  hand: vauxhall_parameters_combined.csv, volkswagen_parameters_combined.csv, and audi_parameters_combined.csv. They should also be in the same work directory.
4) finance_solver_data.csv is set up to be run through Excel Solver, to find optimal values for the given MIP problem. Most data in the table was obtained from major bank and credit broker websites, transport and insurance providers, as well as manually calculated. This .csv relies on data outputs from the CAAS.Rmd file, so it should be run during the last stage.
